README.md, before:

# Connect Platform - Project 2
## Team Name/Number: Raider1
## Team Members
- Elijah - elijcoch
- Gibson - patchpotential
- Damien - lockloo50
- Silas - Kreech52
## Project Description
A platform that includes free messaging between verified students and companies, advanced job filtering and tagging, as well as application notifications as hiring processes go on.
## Pages Implemented
1. Home Page (Homepage.html)
2. Listing Page (Listing_Page.html)
3. Account Page (Account_Page.html)
4. Help Page (Help_Page.html)
## Technologies Used
- HTML5
- CSS3
- Git & GitHub
- GitHub Pages
## Individual Contributions Sample
### Eli
- Created navigation bar component
- Created footer element
- Started README template
- Working on Help Page Design
### Gibson
- Helped develop and look into collaborative branches
- Working on Listing Page Design
### Damien
- Working on Homepage Design
- Added the Hero Statement
- Created the Value Proposition for Students and Companies
- Created the How It Works section
### Silas
- Helped develop and look into collaborative branches
- Working on Account Page Design

Commit message:

Built the listings page for Milestone 3, I think thats all we have left correct me if i'm wrong

README.md, after:

# Connect Platform - Project 2
## Team Name/Number: Raider1
## Team Members
- Elijah - elijcoch
- Gibson - patchpotential
- Damien - lockloo50
- Silas - Kreech52
## Project Description
A platform that includes free messaging between verified students and companies, advanced job filtering and tagging, as well as application notifications as hiring processes go on.
## Pages Implemented
1. Home Page (Homepage.html)
2. Listing Page (Listing_Page.html)
3. Account Page (Account_Page.html)
4. Help Page (Help_Page.html)
## Technologies Used
- HTML5
- CSS3
- Git & GitHub
- GitHub Pages
## Individual Contributions Sample
### Eli
- Created navigation bar component
- Created footer element
- Started README template
- Working on Help Page Design
### Gibson
- Helped develop and look into collaborative branches
- Working on Listing Page Design
- Built the Account Page
- Built the Project Listings Page
### Damien
- Working on Homepage Design
- Added the Hero Statement
- Created the Value Proposition for Students and Companies
- Created the How It Works section
### Silas
- Helped develop and look into collaborative branches
- Working on Account Page Design
